darting is a necessary intrusion though
flip never takes it lightly and for him
getting this close to lions never loses
its magic beautiful the GPS collar is
the first time I touch it for nine
months it's been on this lioness this
whole time and it is still working the
LED light is still going you can see it
so it's been storing all this incredible
information for the last nine months
this girl she's the queen she's the
queen of them all I know this is my wife
are my most favorite and special lioness
yep she's hardcore she takes no nonsense
and and she's just she loves it on the
edge okay well now we have to look at
your teeth do you see if you are still
in good Nick man look at that isn't that
beautiful goodness
sorry mmm man sorry sorry sorry sorry
sorry sorry
have a look at the claws yours a sharp a
look at that my goodness it's like a
needle oh especially the fourth finger
and the middle finger or just a really
really sharp now the most amazing thing
is their feet just smell so amazing it's
got a nice and smell to it
mmm
so a musky just a really knocking sweet
sweet sort of musky smell I know what an
awesome feeling to be so close okay
very good
he quickly discovers that his favorite
lioness isn't just in good condition
she's become really smart so this is
what
yeah this is incredible it means the
citizen movements back and forth back to
Taurus G's writing for us three
passports
I spent
in the early morning between midnight
and the morning and then all the way
back again
it's a great sign she's proving she can
live right under people's noses without
causing them any trouble at all we now
see this I would like to have a GPS call
every line because that's information is
phenomenal
[Music]